Add `SECURITY.md` and `CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md` (#3)
voila-dashboards/.github: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# CODE OF CONDUCT

> The projects hosted in the JupyterLab organizations follow the

Author: ```suggestion
The projects hosted in the `voila-dashboards` organization follow the
```
